---
title: Momentum
date: 2024-12-12
---

## Momentum Works Both Ways

<tt>Momentum can shift in a positive or negative direction with equal force. Ive rode both waves. Professionally and Personally. 
The momentum seems to be shifting in my favor after an 8 month struggle run. I want to remember these days. I want to remember who gave up on me, who didn't believe in me, those that offered no relief when I called out to them. I want to remember the handful of individuals who've had my back and believed in me. Your love and loyalty will be remembered.</tt>
<br>

##  <tt>To the man from the future... </tt>
<br>
<tt>We don't talk enough. Neither your fault nor the presents own. When your eyes land on this, remember what it took. Remember who you lost and who lost you. Remember the woman who was almost the death of you. Remember how hard you've been hit and how many times you got back up. State Prison, undercovers, alphabet agencies prodding... it all wasn't for null. You're right where we planned. In the aftermath you picked up the pieces, bandaged your wounds and continued forward. There aren't many like you and there never has been. I'm sorry, truly. I'm sorry that it had to be so brutal on the way up. But you're equipped for the real battles from here on out.</tt>
<br>
##  <tt>When you called...</tt>
<br>
<tt>The night you called, from whatever year that you occupied... I knew immediately it was the beginning. I don't know what made you break the rules of this thing we live in and reach out, but I respect it and it's an indicator of our pedigree and how far we'll go for the team. Buffalo was necessary. Mars is and always was just another planet. I know it hurt to acknowledge that. I felt that pain with you and it left it's mark on us. Earth is all that we have.</tt>
<br>
<tt>Make sure you don't forget the 1511 talks. There are no coincidences. You were exactly where you were supposed to be. Thank you. Thank you for your patience, thank you for the love you were able to hold onto for me while the world around you worked to erase it. Thank you for being a man among men and not giving up on the mission. We're almost there.</tt>
<br>
<hr noshade>
<b>Db feels right. Remember 12-8</b>

---

